
Changelist

1.2: Split into clauses.
1.3: Split into clear processes of 'Direct Set Precedent' + 'Vote Set Precedent'
1.3: 'Vote Set Precedent' can directly modify the constitution if it meets the constitutional amendment criteria in Article 11.
1.3: Single list of constitutional interpretations that must now list the source.

2.1 Clarified that Scope Framework appeal can only be done by CVC members.
2.1 Clarified when a Scope Framework appeal is valid.
2.2 Clarified the Appeal process.
2.3 Clarified the process of changing a scope on consitutional grounds without an appeal.

3.1 Reworded 'intro'
3.2 Split into clauses, combined with 3.3.
3.3(2) Clarified Arbitration facilitators role.
3.4 Defined how the fallback process works. MKR stake to trigger is optionally refundable depending on vote outcome.

4.2 Removed the possibility for CVC members to exist without being attached to a CVC.
4.2 Added arbitrary threshold of 10 MKR required to form/join a CVC.

4.3 Now lists CVC requirements in one section. Documents + meetings are described as clauses rather than being in their own sections.
4.3 Reworded how subcommittee meetings are distributes across quarter. Added table formatting for scope IDs.

4.6 moved to 4.4, CVCs are now given one of three statuses, active, inactive and pending. Definitions of each meaningfully unchanged. Pending refers to CVCs younger than a quarter.

4.5 CVC decisions can by made via single signed message from any CVC member to the forum containing a record of each members vote. Other members have 48 hours to dispute, which triggers full public vote as initially described.
4.5 Clarified that voting calculation for all CVC decisions is majority MKR-weight. 

4.6 Participation rewards are now split equally across all contributors, rather than 14 richest qualifying in scope. Qualification requirements are otherwise the same. 
4.6 Clarified that the same CVC member can receive rewards in multiple scopes.

5: Generally recognized CD section.
5.2 Now contains all the requirements to get and maintain recognition status.
5.4 Reworded the and cut down the list of CD adherance requirements (now part of 5.2)
5.6(now 5.4) Reorganized into sections on PCDs and RCDs.
5.6(now 5.4) Split out voting and comms metrics for clarity.

General: Replaced 'Responsible Facilitators' with 'Arbitration Facilitators' for clarity in articles 1 through 5.


